The following is a definition of the kind of information sent during
push messages.  Essentially a user can request to receive information
about any set of GEM related information that they wish, and then
will receive push notifications about those releases.

Note: no data is stored on our third party servers without the users
explicit consent (they must register for the service in order for this
application to work).  I present the source code here for scrutiny so
that suspicious users may verify that the information below is all
that is stored on the third-party server, and is only used to determine
what messages should be directed at a given device.

Data stored on the 3rd party server (c2dm.ccroms.net):

    Registration ID: 
        what is it:
            the unique registration ID that google will use to identify
            this device when sending push messages.
        why is it stored:
            this is required in order to send a message to any given
            device.  it is considered the unique id for any piece of
            hardware that registers for the service

    GEM:
        what is it:
            the identifier of what particular gem version you are running
            at the time of registration.  this essentially consists of a
            string such as "sapphire-1.1.1/01" where "sapphire" is the
            gem, "1.1.1" is the core version, and "01" is a patch level.
        why is it stored:
            this information is stored to help identify what notifications
            actually pertain to your specific device.  for instance, if
            you are running version 1.1.1 of sapphire, you don't want to
            get notifications about ruby 1.1.0 being out or similar.

    Notifications:
        what is it:
            a bitmask that defines which notifications you wish to actually
            receive.  this bitmask is done in the form of a 32 bit integer
            with each bit of the integer representing a different type of
            notification, and is 0 if the user requests not to receive that
            notification, and is 1 if the user wishes to receive that
            notification.  NOTE: an integer value of 0 will cancel
            registration of the device for c2dm as it would prevent the
            device from ever receiving a notification anyway
        why is it stored:
            to allow the user to specify which types of messages they want
            to actually receive
